Solon token distribution

In order to keep Solon fully decentralized, we decided to let the NFT DAO vote on the distribution of tokens. Token distribution is one of the most important aspects of a governance system and it's something that many projects get wrong, so I recommend reading through this article before submitting your vote.
Keep in mind that everything is subject to change until voting officially starts. If you disagree with the way we plan to structure or carry out this vote, bring it up to the Boule as soon as possible. We will make any change to the voting process as long as it gets majority support from the Boule.

What makes a good token holder?

Token holders have an important job to carry out. They are responsible for creating and voting on proposals to update and maintain the Solon ecosystem. Ideally, in order to carry out this task, token holders should be knowledgeable about Solon (e.g. developers), and motivated to improve it (e.g. users). The DAO will have more than enough ETH to use for payments and rewards, so Solon tokens should only be given out to people who are qualified to make important decisions about the future of Solon.

How will the voting process work?

A snapshot of Solon NFT holders will be taken on Wednesday 1/19 at 11:59. NFTs owned by the DAO and any NFTs given to team members for free will not count towards voting power. The voting period will begin on Friday 1/21 and will last at least two weeks. During this time, NFT holders will sign and submit their preferred token distribution. The final token distribution will be determined by taking the weighted average of all the votes that have been submitted. Each vote's weight is proportional to the number of NFTs owned by the wallet that signed it at the time of the snapshot.
After the voting period is over, the snapshot, all of the votes, and the results will be recorded on the Arweave blockchain and a hash of this information will be recorded on the Ethereum blockchain. In order to prevent censorship, there will be a three day period after the results are published in which NFT holders can submit votes directly to the Ethereum blockchain.

Categories
Below are the five categories of people who will receive a portion of the Solon token distribution. The percentages next to each category are just our suggestions. They won’t have any impact on the final distribution.

NFT holders (~5%)

These tokens will be distributed to holders of Solon NFTs based on their randomly generated properties. This is the only percentage that can't be voted on because NFT holders agreed to it upon purchasing the NFTs. Instead, we've included a yes or no vote to indicate whether the NFT holders agree to the predetermined distribution of tokens within this category.

Core Developers (8%)

These tokens will be split equally between Max and Ben. They will be locked in a smart contract that releases tokens according to a vesting schedule that will be determined in a future vote. We will not be able to vote with tokens in the vesting contract.

Miscellaneous (4%)

These tokens will be distributed to developers, contributors, and community members in accordance with future on-chain votes. Any remaining tokens will be given to the Solon DAO to distribute in the future.

Public sale (20%)

These tokens can be purchased by investors in a public sale. All profits from the sale will go to the Solon DAO (not the Solon NFT DAO). In theory, investors should be both knowledgeable about the ecosystem and motivated to improve it. However in reality, most cryptocurrency investors are just trying to make a quick profit. That’s why the suggested percentage is relatively low compared to the users category.

Users (63%)

These tokens will go to the users of the Solon ecosystem. As we get closer to the release date, we will hold more votes to determine what mechanism(s) will be used to distribute them. Some ideas include:
- Liquidity mining Solon tokens
- Liquidity mining any tokens on the Solon DEX
- Rewards for trading tokens or NFTs using Solon
- Rewards for deploying contracts using Solon
- Rewards for voting in the Solon DAO
